Add day totals

Add pump events

Connected events

Adherence data - (bolus guide)

Integrate to facebook

Pull in Messages

Move to tidepool jitsu account

__

Send a note to Howard about people doing work on insluin on board time.
As a tidepool contirbutor i can see my task list in assana.

-As a developer i have made the current functionality match the M0 prototype.

-Show insulin on board. p.k p.a.

-Show dual and single bolus.

-As a developer i can see code guidelines and areas to contributute code to.

-As a patient i can give access to my doctor and others via facebook.

-As a doctor i can choose which patient i am looking at on blip.

-As a patient i can sync animas, medtronic + cgm and dexcom devices.
	automate carelink and diasend scrapper

Use historic data to create models for insulin action curve for each patient, and even a too learn about self managment

As a user i can access the blip interface on my iPhone.

A standalone hardware module that can read and upload data from various insluin pumps and cgms to external services such as carelink, diasend and tidepool.

As a user a can see event markers such as infusion set change, reserviour change, cgm change, low alert, high alert, custom markers - e.g. meal and excercies markers, cgm calibrations, battery low ...

As a user i can enter simple custom events through a hash tag interface in facebook. #excercise #meal #period #...

As a user i can pull in data from activity monitors such as fitbit, fuel band, moves, runkeeper...

As a user i can alert my doctor that there is something i want them to look at.

As a user i can see comments by category.

As a user i can correct time zone inconsitency.

As a user i can see current and previous pump and cgm settings.

As a doctor i can edit and send basal rates to my patients.

As a patient i can see basal rates in the format that makes it easy for me to change my pump settings.

As a user i can comment around pump and cgm settings.

Do we want to use pump and cgm settings in the timeline. For example to show bg ranges during the day.

